Append `-git` to version reported by `--version`/`-v` (#14092)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

Current Trunk
-------------
- The version string reported by `-v`/`--version` now includes a `-git` suffix

>   (e.g. `2.0.19-git`) when running from git checkout (to help distingish
>   unreleased get versions from official releases) (#14092).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (e.g. `2.0.19-git`) when running from git checkout (to help distinguish
  unreleased git versions from official releases) (#14092).
```
